What is it that makes JSX so special? In one word, expressiveness. 
Developers can express what they want to react to render using a very expressive syntax, almost identical to HTML or XML. 
In other words, JSX allows developers to write HTML directly inside the JavaScript code. 
For example, you can add navigation function to a website by creating a nav component. 
Then place the HTML semantic nav element, and an unordered list inside. Because this is React, the list values can be made dynamic by passing values as props. 
Is important to note that a regular JavaScript function is used to define how React should render the component wherever it's referenced using the nav JSX elements. 
This is what makes JSX so powerful, like the fact that you can insert specific JSX expressions such as variables and props. 
The reason why this is so great to work with, is because anything that's placed inside the curly braces of the code is essentially regular JavaScript code. 



The return statements can be thought of as the area of expressive syntax that it allows you to write regular HTML code as disered to have it in rendered app. 
But if there was a need to return HTML code over multiple lines, it must be placed inside parentheses. 
This allows developers to alternate between regular HTML tags, and dynamic values represented as JSX expressions inside curly braces. 
It's also important to remember that the HTML code must be wrapped in a top level element, such as a div tag. 

If there is no desire to add extra div elements to the DOM, there is the possibility to use something called a fragment instead. This is like an HTML open and close tag without the tag name. 

It's worth remembering you are in a JavaScript file, and as a result, there are some differences:
For example, you cannot use the keyword class to work with CSS classes in your HTML elements. 
This is because class is a reserved keyword in JavaScript, you must use a slightly different keyword called className instead. 

Also notice that class name is written in Camel Case, which depicts the separation of words by using a single capitalized letter. 
You can use className to list any number of CSS classes to style a specific JSX element inside a component. This is just like how you use a class attribute in regular HTML.
